= BreadMachine

Make dough with BreadMachine, a ruby interface for the SecureTrading[http://securetrading.com/] XPay[http://securetrading.com/support/xpay.html] gateway.

== Installation

    gem install breadmachine

Configure BreadMachine with your SecureTrading merchant account settings.

    BreadMachine::SecureTrading.configure do |config|
      config.currency = 'GBP'
      config.site_reference = 'site12345'
      config.term_url = 'http://www.example.com/callback_url'
      config.merchant_name = "Dr Widgopolis' Widget Factory"
    end

* currency: The standard ISO reference for the currency your merchant account.
* site_reference: Provided to you by SecureTrading.
* term_url: the URL that the user's ACS will post back to after a 3-D Secure authentication check.
* merchant_name: The merchant name displayed to the user when authenticating with their ACS.

If you're using Rails, you can place your test account settings in config/development.rb and live settings in config/production.rb

== Compatibility

BreadMachine is targeted at v3.51 of the Xpay API, which is used for Xpay versions 3.51 and 4

== Glossary

The terminology surrounding credit card payment systems is arcane and can cause
a lot of confusion.  Here are some terms you might need to be familiar with:

=== 3-D Secure

The glorious credit card fraud prevention scheme incorporating {Verified by Visa}[http://www.visaeurope.com/merchant/handlingvisapayments/cardnotpresent/verifiedbyvisa.jsp] and {MasterCard SecureCode}[http://www.mastercard.com/us/personal/en/cardholderservices/securecode/index.html].

=== ACS

Access Control Server: The 3-D secure authentication server for the user's card issuing bank

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
  bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Contributors

BreadMachine is maintained by Matt Southerden ({matt@localbubble.com}[mailto:matt@localbubble.com], {@mattsoutherden}[http://twitter.com/mattsoutherden])

Others who have contributed their time to the project include:

{Dave Hrycyszyn}[http://github.com/futurechimp]

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Matt Southerden. See LICENSE for details.

